{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1 INF112\
\
Overordnede m\'e5l:\
\
We are going to make a multiplayer chess-application where the user has the opportunity to play both against another chess player or to play against the computer. If the user chooses to play against the computer, he can choose the skill level of the computer. There are at least three different levels; beginner, intermediate or advanced.\
\
The chess-application has an overview over the results of each game played. This is used to make a ranking scoreboard, based on the rating they get after each game.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Each user must have an unique log in account, in order to be a part of the ranking system.\
\
It must be easy to change the rules of the game.\
\
Usermanual:\
\
Are you ready to play some chess and become a better player? In this application you can play against players at any level or age. You can train and improve your game in fun ways, for example by playing against the computer at different levels. \
\
Functions:\
\
- Multiplayer\
	- Play against computer\
		- Three different levels: beginner, intermediate, advanced\
	- Play against another player\
(- Clock, different time limits\
	- Bullet, blitz and so on)\
- Rating system\
- Log in system, unique user\
	- System for making new users\
\
Rules:\
\
- Rock moves vertically and horizontally.\
- Knight moves two forward and one to either side.\
- Bishop moves diagonally.\
- The Queen moves in every direction as far as desired. \
- The King kan move one square at a time, in any direction, but has to avoid squares where it can be taken by the opponents pieces.\
- Pawns can only move directly forward one square at a time, unless it is still one the square on which it began. If it is the pawn\'92s first moves, it can move one or two squares directly forward. Pawns can capture a piece by moving one square forward diagonally.\
- En passant: If you have a pawn at row 5 (white) or 4 (black) and the opponent moves a pawn two squares forward, so that it\'92s located next to your pawn, you can take it in the same way as if he had just moved one square forward.\
- Pawn promotion: If you get one pawn across the board, to the 8th (white) or 1st (black) row, it promotes to either a queen, rock, knight or bishop.\
- Castling: If neither the rock nor the King has already moved and there are no other pieces between them, it is possible to castle either short or long. Short castling is moving the King two squares to the right and the rock to the other side of the King. Long castling is moving the King three squares to the left and the rock to the other side of the King.}