{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab708
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Git-Issues \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Git-issues will be our task organizer throughout the project, so the importance of everyone at the team feeling comfortable with issues is great.\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Issues\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 To view the issues, go to the project homepage in gitlab ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://gitlab.uib.no/inf112-v2018/gruppe-1}}). Then press the \'93Issues\'94 button in the left-hand menu bar. I suggest viewing the Issues as \'93Board\'94 to get the most overview. Once you are this far, you will see four columns of issues. \'93Backlog\'94, \'93To do\'94, \'93Doing\'94 and \'93Closed\'94. In the backlog we will keep our unassigned tasks. These tasks will be discussed and delegated at the meetings before they will be moved to the \'93To do\'94 columns. In this column ALL issues should be assigned to one person responsible for the execution of the task. The task should now also be clearly specified such that the assigned person knows what this task contains. To view only the tasks that you have been assigned to, use the search/filter bar over the issues. When you start working on a task you should move the task to \'93Doing\'94. When your task if finished, move it to \'93Closed\'94 and take a well-deserved coffee-break before you start at the next task :-D\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Milestones \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 We will use milestones to \'93wrap\'94 our Issues. A milestone can contain multiple Issues. When you press an Issue, you can see which milestone the Issue is associated with. The goal is to let a Milestone represent a functional-requirement and then make issues for every small task we need to finish to make the milestone work. The Milestones can be found by selecting \'93Milestones\'94 instead of \'93Board\'94 in the left-hand menu. \
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Creating a new issue\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 First consider if the task you want to make an issue of, will contain more tasks. If so, make a milestone instead. \
To create a new issue, go to the \'93List\'94 in the left-hand menu. Then press the \'93New issue\'94 button in the upper-right corner. Fill in a title and a description for the task. Then consider if the task should be assigned to someone in the team AND if the issue should be assigned to a milestone. Press \'93Create issue\'94 to finish. \
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Creating a milestone\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-46\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 To create a milestone, go to the \'93Milestone\'94 in the left-hand menu. Then press the \'93new milestone\'94 button. Fill in the title and description, and press \'93Create milestone\'94 to finish.\
\
\
\
}